When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

When working with teams or working with different computers, a remote repository is a great feature to use.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your
remote repository?

Sometimes the commit is not verified to work or may be a work in progress.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?

Forking copies the repository in GitHub and references the original repository. Cloning copies the 
entire repository. Branching creates a new commit branch locally. Forking is used when someone else 
has an existing project and you want to create your own version based on it. Cloning is when you want to 
duplicate the repository and add to it (if you have permission to push). Branching allows you to work on 
a local code version on a repository you already cloned or forked.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

When you go offline, you have the most up to date version at that point. Merges will less likely have 
conflicts.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?

For small projects, Google Docs kees track of history. We would have to communicate before working on the 
file first. That way only one of us can make changes. It would be easy because conflicts are easier to 
manage, but harder because it's hard to compare changes and would take longer since only one can work at 
a time.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits 
does each approach have?

When you are not the owner of the project or if you want to work on something that isn't a simple bug fix. 
Pull requests allow someone to look at the code before merging and notifies the different parties of 
updates. Merging to master is quicker, but will not notify collaborators of the change.
